README.md, before:

Ansible SDK for Python
======================

The Ansible SDK provides lightweight Python library for dispatching and live-monitoring
Ansible tasks, roles, and playbooks from the product or project.

Dispatching of jobs can be local to the machine you are running your python application from or over Ansible Mesh using the receptor integrations.

### Demo App to show how you can use the SDK in real use case - https://github.com/ansible/ansible_sdk_demo

## Documentation
We are building extensive documentation and API reference here - https://ansible-sdk.readthedocs.io/en/latest/install.html
Please feel free to contribute and help the documentation effort.

## Releases and maintenance

TBD

## Ansible version compatibility

TBD

## Installation

You can follow the installation guide specified in [`docs`](https://github.com/ansible/ansible-sdk/tree/main/docs/source/install.rst).

### Required Python libraries and SDKs

The Ansible-SDK depends on Python 3.8+, Ansible Core, Ansible Runner and other third party libraries:

* [`ansible-core`](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/installation_guide/intro_installation.html)
* [`asyncio`](https://docs.python.org/3/library/asyncio.html)
* [`ansible-runner`](https://ansible-runner.readthedocs.io/en/stable/install/)
* [`receptorctl`](https://receptor.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#installation)


## Testing and Development

Red Hat Enterprise Linux - Install Ansible-SDK and dependecies directly on/into a RHEL Virtual machine.
MacOS - Install PODMAN using BREW, and pull the RHEL8 image, ssh to that and follow the RHEL instructions above.

## Communication

TBD

## License

See [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) to see the full text.

Commit message:

add doc build info to readme

README.md, after:

Ansible SDK for Python
======================

The Ansible SDK provides lightweight Python library for dispatching and live-monitoring
Ansible tasks, roles, and playbooks from the product or project.

Dispatching of jobs can be local to the machine you are running your python application from or over Ansible Mesh using the receptor integrations.

### Demo App to show how you can use the SDK in real use case - https://github.com/ansible/ansible_sdk_demo

## Documentation
We are building extensive documentation and API reference here - https://ansible-sdk.readthedocs.io/en/latest/install.html
Please feel free to contribute and help the documentation effort.

You can build the documentation from this repository as follows:

```
$ tox -e docs
$ firefox docs/build/html/
```

If you want to run Sphinx commands directly, open the `tox.ini` file and use the commands in the `[testenv:docs]` section.
Remember that you need to pip install `docs/doc-requirements.txt` before running Sphinx.

## Releases and maintenance

TBD

## Ansible version compatibility

TBD

## Installation

You can follow the installation guide specified in [`docs`](https://github.com/ansible/ansible-sdk/tree/main/docs/source/install.rst).

### Required Python libraries and SDKs

The Ansible-SDK depends on Python 3.8+, Ansible Core, Ansible Runner and other third party libraries:

* [`ansible-core`](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/installation_guide/intro_installation.html)
* [`asyncio`](https://docs.python.org/3/library/asyncio.html)
* [`ansible-runner`](https://ansible-runner.readthedocs.io/en/stable/install/)
* [`receptorctl`](https://receptor.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#installation)


## Testing and Development

Red Hat Enterprise Linux - Install Ansible-SDK and dependecies directly on/into a RHEL Virtual machine.
MacOS - Install PODMAN using BREW, and pull the RHEL8 image, ssh to that and follow the RHEL instructions above.

## Communication

TBD

## License

See [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) to see the full text.
